[docs] Add checklist to PR template (#13225)
mui-org/material-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you're reading this, you're awesome! Thank you for helping us make this project great and being a part of the Material-UI community. Here are a few guidelines that will help you along the way.

## Submitting a pull request

> Material-UI is a community project, so pull requests are always welcome, but before working on a large change, it is best to open an issue first to discuss it with the maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Material-UI is a community project, so pull requests are always welcome, but, before working on a large change, it is best to open an issue first to discuss it with the maintainers.
```

### Branch Structure

All stable releases are tagged ([view tags](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tags)).
At any given time, `master` represents the latest development version of the library.
Patches or hotfix releases are prepared on an independent branch.

#### `master` is unsafe

We will do our best to keep `master` in good shape, with tests passing at all times.

> But in order to move fast, we will make API changes that your application might not be compatible with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in order to move fast, we will make API changes that your application might not be compatible with.
```

### How to increase the chance of being accepted?

> We will only accept a pull request that passes all our tests. Make sure the following is true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will only accept a pull request for which all tests pass. Make sure the following is true:
```

Reviewer: (Or: "all the tests")

- The branch is not behind master.

> - If a feature was added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a feature is being added:
```

>    - If this was already achievable with the core library explained why this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the result was already achievable with the core library, explain why this
```

>       needs to be added to the core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      feature needs to be added to the core.
```

>    - Added tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - It includes relevant tests.
```

>    - If this is a common use case considered adding an example to the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If this is a common use case, consider adding an example to the documentation.
```

> - If a bug was fixed added test cases that fail without the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a bug is being fixed, test cases that fail without the fix is included.
```

> - The code is formatted (run `yarn prettier`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The code is formatted. (run `yarn prettier`)
```

> - The code is linted (run `yarn lint`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The code is linted. (run `yarn lint`)
```

> - If documentation was changed in the source `yarn docs:api` was run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If API documentation is being changed changed in the source, that `yarn docs:api` was run.
```

Author: Applied with 
```diff
- If API documentation is being changed changed in the source, that `yarn docs:api` was run.
+ If API documentation is being changed in the source, `yarn docs:api` was run.
```

> - If prop types were changed the TypeScript declarations were updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If prop types were changed, that the TypeScript declarations were updated.
```

Author: I would not write it that (great pun) way since the sentence reads weird in isolation. You always have to have the opening statement in mind for it to make sense.

> - If TypeScript declarations were changed `yarn typescript` passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If TypeScript declarations were changed, that `yarn typescript` passes.
```

Author: I left it at `passed` since we used past tense in all the other bullet points after the comma.

> - The title of this PR follows the pattern `[Component] Imperative commit message`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The PR title follows the pattern `[Component] Imperative commit message`. (See: [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#imperative) for a great explanation)
```
